README.md, before:

# Control Center

## A reimagined homepage to facilitate productivity by organizing links, notes, and a To-Do list into specialized categories.

Ever wish your browser offered a way of organizing your school-related bookmarks into categories while in 'research mode' for a class project? Or having all those saved links for those things you want to buy when you can finally afford them, be sorted into specific views depending on what they are for? Or let's say you are really into a videogame and want to keep notes for strategies you've come up with, or save some links to videos for you to reference, while having a personalized to-do list for things you want to accomplish in-game? 
Well with the Control Center Organizational tool, all of that is easily-accomplished!



USER STORIES

1. As a User, I would like to be able to sign up, in and out
2. As a User I would like to have my information be private so nobody else can see it
3. As a User I would like to be able to add new Categories that are fully customizable with important links, notes, and a todo list specific to that category
4.

Commit message:

fixed updates for all list items, selected category name broken, have to update nav links in nav bar

README.md, after:

# Control Center

## A reimagined homepage to facilitate productivity by organizing links, notes, and a To-Do list into specialized categories.

Ever wish your browser offered a way of organizing your school-related bookmarks into categories while in 'research mode' for a class project? Or having all those saved links for those things you want to buy when you can finally afford them, be sorted into specific views depending on what they are for? Or let's say you are really into a videogame and want to keep notes for strategies you've come up with, or save some links to videos for you to reference, while having a personalized to-do list for things you want to accomplish in-game? 
Well with the Control Center Organizational tool, all of that is easily-accomplished!

### Technology Used

HMTL, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, NodeJS, React

The views were created and styled with HTML and CSS, and populated with data with JavaScript and jQuery. The server was set up with nodeJS.

### USER STORIES

As a User, I am able to sign up, in and out
As a User I have my information privatized so nobody else can see it
As a User I am able to add new Categories that are fully customizable with important links, notes, and a todo list specific to that category

### Approach

First I planned out all of the views I would need, along with the information each view would require, then I created the wireframes for all of the views, and created the models. Then I created a settings page to update user info, and made it so all information in the app was stored in the server database in each specific user. Finally I styled everything to look clean and organized.

### Future Improvements

I still need to add delete and maybe edit functionality to each item in the to do list, notes list, and links list.

I would like to add alerts with errors for each screen indicating when an error happened and why

I would like to add a max character limit to category names to show a ... if the name is too long
